At this point in the lesson, we've already
taken you to the website, 96boads.org.
We've showed you how to download
the proper files that you need,
the bootloader, the binaries,
all the images.
We then walked you through
creating a path variable to
the fastboot location in your SDK.
>> Yeah.
>> You've already done all this before but
we just wanted to walk you
through it one more time.
Now it's time to boot the board into fast
boot and get the image onto the board.
>> Yeah
>> Let's take a look over here and
first of all it's important to make
sure it's not powered on right.
But what we are also going to make
sure of is that it's in the right boot
configuration, and
that's making sure it is 0000.
That's four times right?
>> Yeah.
>> 00, all right.
[LAUGH]
>> All of these switches should be set at
0 on the back, yeah.
>> Yeah.
[COUGH] Excellent.
So now that we have all that set up and we
have our keyboard and mouse hooked in and
our micro USB plugged in, our HDMI
plugged in, we are set to boot it up.
>> Yep.
>> But, from what you learned in
a previous lesson,
we need to make sure that we hold our
finger on the little minus button here.
>> Located next to the USB ports there.
>> Yeah that's going to ensure
that we boot it into fast boot.
And then we're going to power it on.
So power it on.
Now we've noticed the sweet spot to get it
into fast boot is not to hold it on for
too long, ten seconds is about right.
>> Yeah.
>> So by the end of this sentence
I'm gonna let it go.
All right, there we go.
>> So
now the board should be in fast boot.
And the best way to check if it's in fast
boot is go back into your terminal, and
remember the path variable
that you created before, so
now we're gonna use that path variable.
We're just gonna type
in %fastboot% devices.
Boom you get a little code there and
that code is for the DragonBoard, and
it's telling me that the DragonBoard
is in the fast boot mode.
So now we're ready to start
flashing stuff on there.
>> And essentially, just to reiterate as
many times as possible, when he's doing
this fast boot command, the path variable-
>> What he set it as,
if you remember,
was the fast boot executable.
>> Yeah.
>> So, whats happening is,
is he's essentially performing
the fast boot executable and
then calling the device command.
So he's using the device command
with the fast boot executable.
>> Yeah it's a good thing
you touched on that.
>> Yeah.
>> So now it's time to take a look back at
that script we were looking at last time,
right?
>> Yes.
So,
if you remember in the previous video, we
modified a script called flash all file.
And so we put percentage signs
around all the fastboots.
And here's a very important
note to keep in mind,
you wanna save the file as flashall.bat.
You want to slave it as a flashall.bat.
That's the correct extension
to actually use that file.
To use that script.
So we're going to click yes.
And now the file is in to correct format,
so we're ready to go.
So now what we're gonna do is go straight
to the file that we downloaded the boot
loader, the boot image, the root fs image,
we're gonna go into that folder here.
So let's see, users,
going to go to Desktop,
in that,
there's another folder called linaro.
There we go.
And if you see here, we have all of
the files Satyung downloaded before,
all unzipped and ready to go.
>> Including the flashall.bat.
>> Yep, and so what we're going to do,
is we're just going to simply type
in the name of that file there.
>> That's going to execute it, basically.
And what you see on the screen there is,
it's performing each individual
one of those flashes for us.
And if we didn't have that script,
we would have had to do that one by one.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Which is kind of a pain in the butt.
>> So now it's all ready to go and
the boot loader is now on the DragonBoard.
Now if you remember we also downloaded two
other files, the boot image file and then
the ALIP root FS image file, the graphical
interface for the root file system.
So what we're gonna do is use
that same path label there,
fast boot,
we're going to type in flash boot.
And then we're going to type in the name
of that boot image file, so it's going to
say boot-linaro-vivid, Hawking standard,
snapdragon, and we're going to click OK.
And this is going to boot the image
file onto the DragonBoard,
It's already done, and
now we're gonna go here.
Next we gonna download the rootfs system.
So here we go, flash rootfs, and
we're gonna have another file.
>> Starts with linaro.
>> Starts with linaro there,
yep, thank you.
What you want to make sure about this file
is, and I think Muchresh touched on it,
but, is that it's in ALIP.
So, ALIP and you can see this, I think
I mentioned this in the last video, but
ALIP you can read more about it in
the release notes under the Ubuntu
download link,
on the 96 boards downloads page, for
the DragonBoard 410C
>> Yeah, there you go
>> But yeah, anyways,
that's the file you want to do if you
want the desktop version of the Ubuntu.
>> Yeah, so
we are going to play enter there, and
its going to start downloading it.
And there you go, so once that
finishes downloading you now have
the root file system on your DragonBoard,
the boot image file on your DragonBoard,
you have the boot loader,
you have everything on your DragonBoard.
And the DragonBoard now has
a Lenora operating system on it.
>> Yeah.
>> You can just plug out the Micro USB and
reboot it on to the Lenora
operating system.
>> Yeah.
What's usually recommended is,
don't worry about how you boot this down.
Well I mean, right now it's
finishing writing the files.
But you can just unplug it,
unplug the micro USB like Uker said and
then just plug it back in.
It should boot right into your Ubuntu.
>> Yep, there you go.
>> All right, we'll see you in later-
>> Videos
>> Later videos [LAUGH]